# A Long Journey Starts With Small Steps

Lets us today look at a very simple cross AMM exchange arbitrage solidity script.


https://github.com/codeesura/Arbitrage-uniswap-sushiswap


* pls take note that the above code has some error in providing the correct sushiswap address. if i want to deploy my own bot, i will have to triple check the address of the uniswap and sushiswap routers so as to make sure the interaction is valid. 


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


__A Few Questions And Their Corresponding Answers__


__1.__ what is the mechanism behind the code that will ensure whoever uses the code will get the amount of profit out at the end of the swap?


Answer: the original code doesnt have any code implemented to drain the amount of profit out of the contract. i will have to add in certain withdrawal functions to achieve this. 

```solidity
    function withdrawWETH(uint256 amount) public onlyOwner {
        uint256 contractBalance = IWETH9(WETH_ADDRESS).balanceOf(address(this));
        require(amount <= contractBalance, "Insufficient balance in contract");
        IWETH9(WETH_ADDRESS).transfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }

    function withdrawAllWETH() public onlyOwner {
        uint256 contractBalance = IWETH9(WETH_ADDRESS).balanceOf(address(this));
        IWETH9(WETH_ADDRESS).transfer(msg.sender, contractBalance);
    }
}
```
to see the complete implementation of above code, pls see src/arbitrage.sol 


I have later come to realise that the contract actually do takes care of the profit transfer by asking the sushiswap router to send back the amount to the msg.sender as shown here:
```solidity
        uint256[] memory amounts_1 = sushiswapRouter.swapExactTokensForTokens(amountOut,0, path, msg.sender, block.timestamp);
```

But i think it is a good practice to have a way to withdrawal WETH back to the contract deployer cuz what if someone accidentally transfered fund inside.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


__2.__ what will be the safety precautions that will ensure no one will front run me or i am the only one that can use this sol code so that no run can detect my transaction and say that Ohh this interaction works well i shall send my own token into the contract to make the profitable trade.


Answer: The current contract in its form doesnt have an excess control measure implemented, in order to add control measures, we will need to add owner to the contract. such as:
```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

contract MyContract {
    address private owner;

    constructor() {
        owner = msg.sender;
    }

    modifier onlyOwner() {
        require(msg.sender == owner, "Caller is not the owner");
        _;
    }

    function swap(address _address,uint256 _amountIn) external onlyOwner {
        // Function body remains the same
    }
}
```

if you were like to see the full edited version of the file pls go to src folder.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

__3.__ the interface of IWETH9 looks complicated and old fashion, is there a need to do that?


Answer:In the context of the IWETH9 interface you provided, which deals with operations related to Wrapped Ethereum (WETH), the terms guy, wad, dst, and src are parameter names used within function definitions. These terms often come from older Solidity programming conventions and have their origins in the MakerDAO system’s style of coding. Here’s what each of these terms generally refers to:


	A.	guy: In Solidity contracts, especially in older code or code influenced by the MakerDAO style, guy is commonly used as a parameter name for an address that typically represents a user or another contract that has permission to perform certain actions. For example, in the approve function:

function approve(address guy, uint256 wad) external returns (bool);

Here, guy is the address being given approval to spend a certain amount (wad) of tokens on behalf of the owner.

	B.	wad: This is a term used to denote a quantity of tokens measured in the smallest units (like wei in Ethereum). It’s often used in financial and token-related contracts to represent an amount of the token. It comes from the DAI Stablecoin System, where wad is used for values that have up to 18 decimal places, just like Ether and most ERC-20 tokens.

function withdraw(uint256 wad) external;
function approve(address guy, uint256 wad) external returns (bool);


	C.	dst and src: These parameters represent destination and source addresses, respectively. They are used in functions that involve transferring tokens from one address to another.

function transfer(address dst, uint256 wad) external returns (bool);
function transferFrom(address src, address dst, uint256 wad) external returns (bool);

	•	dst (destination): The address to which tokens are being sent.
	•	src (source): The address from which tokens are being transferred.

These names are more typical in low-level programming and can be seen in systems where clarity and brevity are both valued, often a holdover from the ethos and aesthetics of early Ethereum smart contract development. In newer contracts, you might find more descriptive names used instead of these traditional terms.


To look at the updated version of the IWETH interface, pls refer to source code arbitrage.sol for the neatest and latest way of writing IWETH9 interface. The part on the event in the original arbitrage.sol is also omited as it is not relevant to the logic of the contract.
