# carry on from yesterdays achievements


__1.__ deployment on mainnet using hardhat sucessful?


now the contract is sucessfully deployed on the mainnet with the address of 0xd41b2809885cB3fEF509bb9Fbf0cf190f00167BF


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


__2.__ testing of the contract with some random pair that exist on both uniswap and sushiswap

The first round of testing was unsucessful. execution reverted due to unable to estimate gas amount, reason being is that



__firstly__ large part of this failure should be due to the lack of approval, 
i did not approve the contract to spend the WETH on my behalf, however, i am not very confident if this is necessary.



__secondly__ i didnt approve the uniswap router function to spend the WETH on my behalf, or should i say on behalf of my contract? i am not sure about thi part either, will have to discuss this with chatgpt and do some independant research on the internet to find out. 



__thirdly__ after getting the desired tokens back from trading in uniswap, will i still have to approve the token for sushiswap to spend it? if yes, meaning to say i will have to approve sushiswap my deployed contract address's ERC20 token on hand right? the token is not with the msg.sender but with the deployed contract. 
 


and this is something that i learn which i think is very crucial in understanding how the approval function works.

The token owner (or holder) calls the approve function on the token contract, specifying the spender's address and the amount of tokens they are allowed to transfer.

The token contract records this approval as an allowance, which is stored in a mapping that links the owner's address with the spender's address and defines the number of tokens they are allowed to handle.

Once an allowance is set, the approved spender can use the transferFrom function to move a specified amount of tokens from the owner’s account to any other address, but only up to the limit set by the allowance.


with this in mind, lets give a clear logic of the swap function and see what happens during the process and checks what are the necessary approvals.


take a look at the answer below and i will highlight the logic as per my understanding. 


Let's dissect the swap function in your contract to understand the token swapping logic, specifically focusing on how approvals are handled and who is authorizing whom to spend which tokens.

The swap Function Breakdown

Your swap function is designed to perform token swaps between two decentralized exchanges (DEXes), Uniswap and Sushiswap. The function aims to facilitate an arbitrage opportunity by buying tokens on one DEX and selling them on another. Here’s a step-by-step explanation of the process, focusing on the approvals and transfers:

1. Initial Transfer:

Code: IWETH9(WETH_ADDRESS).transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amountIn); 


// 这里的重点就在于这个transferFrom， 前面已经讲到，如果要用transferFrom这个function的话，首先我的contract必须有这个资格使用我的WETH， 也就是说我的钱包地址必须是给这个deployed contract先授权了使用我WETH的资格和量。那他才可以transfer我的WETH on my behalf

Explanation: This line transfers WETH (Wrapped Ethereum) from the function caller's address to the smart contract itself. This requires that the caller has already called approve on the WETH token contract, allowing the smart contract to withdraw the specified _amountIn of WETH tokens.



2. First Swap - Uniswap:



Code:


```solidity
address;
path[0] = WETH_ADDRESS;
path[1] = _address;
uint256[] memory amounts = uniswapRouter.swapExactTokensForTokens(_amountIn, 0, path, address(this), block.timestamp);
uint256 amountOut = amounts[1];
```



Explanation: The contract swaps WETH for another token on Uniswap. The smart contract itself must have approved the Uniswap router to spend its WETH. This approval should either be set in the constructor or in another function call not shown in the snippet you provided. Without this prior approval, the swap would fail because Uniswap cannot access the necessary WETH to perform the swap.



所以这一步要成功，首先比如先让uniswap有这个权利去使用我deployed contract里面的WETH。



3. Second Swap - Sushiswap:

Code:
```solidity 
path[0] = _address;
path[1] = WETH_ADDRESS;
uint256[] memory amounts_1 = sushiswapRouter.swapExactTokensForTokens(amountOut,0, path, msg.sender, block.timestamp);
uint256 amountOut_1 = amounts_1[1];
```


Explanation: The tokens acquired from Uniswap are now swapped back to WETH on Sushiswap. Similarly, the contract must have previously approved the Sushiswap router to spend the specific tokens that were just bought. This approval ensures that Sushiswap can access the tokens held by the contract.



所以同样的道理，这里的sushiswap也是，必须先有这个权利来使用我刚刚拿WETH换来的币。




__Summary of Approvals__

Caller Approves Contract for WETH: The function caller must approve the smart contract to withdraw WETH before invoking the swap function.



Contract Approves Uniswap Router for WETH: The smart contract must approve the Uniswap router to spend its WETH.



Contract Approves Sushiswap Router for Tokens: The smart contract must also approve the Sushiswap router to spend whatever tokens it received from the first swap on Uniswap.



综上所述，我们一共有三个部分的approval需要handle。



1 － 我的钱包要先授权我的deployed contract无限量的WETH



2 － 我的deployed contract必须授权uniswap的router无限量的WETH



3 － 我的deployed contract必须授权sushiswap的router无限量的垃圾币使用权。



These approvals are essential to allow the smart contract to execute token swaps on behalf of the user and are fundamental to enabling the smart contract to interact with different tokens and DEXes in the DeFi ecosystem.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



__3.__ what is the best way to find out how much amount is best for arbitrage


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


__4.__ what is the best way to detect if there is a price discrepency between different pools of uniswap and sushiswap.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

