#  Carry on from what i have concluded for arbitrage oppotunity discovery


The core logic of what constitutes a profitable is the following


## define trade direction: selling on uniswap and buying on sushiswap


lets say i have 1 eth to be sold, so what is the effective amount of usd i will get?


this will depend on the getAmountOut function from the uniswap V2 router function


```solidity
    function getAmountOut(uint amountIn, uint reserveIn, uint reserveOut)
        public
        pure
        virtual
        override
        returns (uint amountOut)
    {
        return UniswapV2Library.getAmountOut(amountIn, reserveIn, reserveOut);
    }
```


as you can see, the function calls for another function from uniswapV2Library


```solidity
    function getAmountOut(uint amountIn, uint reserveIn, uint reserveOut) internal pure returns (uint amountOut) {
        require(amountIn > 0, 'UniswapV2Library: INSUFFICIENT_INPUT_AMOUNT');
        require(reserveIn > 0 && reserveOut > 0, 'UniswapV2Library: INSUFFICIENT_LIQUIDITY');
        uint amountInWithFee = amountIn.mul(997);
        uint numerator = amountInWithFee.mul(reserveOut);
        uint denominator = reserveIn.mul(1000).add(amountInWithFee);
        amountOut = numerator / denominator;
    }
```

this function defines the calculation steps involved in swapping without actually swapping, it also takes into consideration of the fee.


from looking at the input parameters, it is simply a very mathematically calculation where we have to specify the amount that we are going to swap, and then the initial reserve of the token that we are swapping and then the initial reserve of the token that we are swapping for.


so to put it in an example lets say the ETH/USDT pair, when we want to swap ETH for USDT, we will need to specify the amount of ETH that we want to swap, and then give it the reserve of ETH at the pool at the moment, and then the reserve of USDT at the pool at the moment as well. it wil help to calculate using the formulaes given in the getAmountOut function.


hence, in order for the above function to work, we need to have a copy of what reserve0 and reserve1 is in the pool at the current moment, this we can get from the query function of getReserves.

any pool contract will have the following function



```solidity
function getReserves() public view returns (uint112 _reserve0, uint112 _reserve1, uint32 _blockTimestampLast) {
        _reserve0 = reserve0;
        _reserve1 = reserve1;
        _blockTimestampLast = blockTimestampLast;
    }
```


we can first call this function and then pass the _reserve0 and _reserve1 into the getAmountOut function which will give me the effective amount of a token that i will get after a swap.



The above logic is for getting the USDT in the example of ETH/USDT pool 0x0d4a11d5EEaaC28EC3F61d100daF4d40471f1852, where 


token0 is WETH 0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2  and 


token1 is USDT 0xdAC17F958D2ee523a2206206994597C13D831ec7 


so the above case _reserve0 is the amount of weth in the pool and the _reserve1 is the amount of USDT in the pool.


but if we want to get the amount of ETH that i will get, i will need to change the input logic, the amountIn will now become USDT, and the reserveIn will be the reserve of USDT in this case which is _reserve1 and the reserveOut will be the reserve of WETH in the pool which is _reserve0.


Hope the above is clear.


## to test out the above theory, i will need to generate a script based on the following addresses

- uniswap v2 router address : 0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D
- sushiswap router address : 0xd9e1cE17f2641f24aE83637ab66a2cca9C378B9F
- uni V2 WETH/USDT pool address : 0x0d4a11d5EEaaC28EC3F61d100daF4d40471f1852 [this is to call for ureserve0(balance of WETH) and ureserve1(balance of USDT)]
- sushi WETH/USDT pool address : 0x06da0fd433C1A5d7a4faa01111c044910A184553 [this is to call for sreserve0(balance of WETH) and sreserve1(balance of USDT)]
- weth token address : 0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2
- usdt token address : 0xdAC17F958D2ee523a2206206994597C13D831ec7

following the logic above first 


we call the uni v2 WETH/USDT pool contract's function of reserve0 and reserve1 and save them as ureserve0 and ureserve1


then we call that of sushi WETH/USDT pool contract's to get its reserve0 and reserve1 to save them as sreserve0 and sreserve1.


to check on the profitability for scenario 1 (sell on uni and buy on sushi)
we call uni v2 router contract's getAmountOut function passing in parameter of amountIn(in this case the amountIn is in terms of ETH), ureserve0 and ureserve1. output will be amountOut for USDT. we save that as uAmountOut
then we call for sushi router contract's getAmountOut function passing in parameter of uAmountOut, sreserve1 and sreserve0. the output will be amountOut in terms of Ether, we save that as sAmountOut.


we then compare this sAmountOut with our original amountIn in order to check for profitability.


as for scenario 2(sell on sushi and buy on uni)
we can change the sequence of calling by replacing uni router contract to sushi's in the first step and then passing in the same parameters and repeat the step above. 
